[MUSIC]
Welcome to week two.
I trust that you've worked your way
through the lessons in week one and
can see the value that building your
Excel skills could have for your career.
Understanding formulas and other functions
will help you get your work done
faster and frankly,
just make it more enjoyable.
This week, we're going to take the skills
you learn in week one and build upon them
by using VLOOKUP to search for
values based on a formula that you built.
Then we're going to take a look at a very
important set of functions we like to
called data cleansing.
Preparing a data, making sure it's
accurate and making sure it's ready for
analysis is probably one of
the most important steps any
of us can do analytics.
We will share with you some
approaches to make that easier.
We'll then moving into increasing
your ability to use text functions
within Excel.
Once again we'll finish out the week with
an on your own practice and exercises.
This week's lessons will dynamically
increase your ability to
leverage Excel as a tool for
analysis and problem solving.
As we build towards the following weeks,
remember to refer back to
the principles we gave you in week one.
How are you keeping those
principles in mind as you learn?
It can be easy to be overwhelmed
by a complex analytical problem.
By following some of the principles we
have discussed, for example, breaking down
complex problems, you'll be able to
methodically work towards the solution.
Once again my colleagues are going to
guide you through the demonstrations and
exercises and I'll be back next week.
[MUSIC]